Wang Xuemei betrayed you
Just let him go
Use people without suspicion
He made the right choice last night
Find someone to take care of him.
I'm afraid Xu Hong's killing of the donkey will not be good for him
So what do we do next? Wait
Wait until the Xu family thinks they are in heaven
When you can take off from here
Let's hit harder
Smash them to pieces
Have to admit
Although your dog thing is annoying
But he was a genius at business.
Dad, how can you go so far?
Just luck
If you have Li Yi, once you are smart
we
The Xu family will not be suppressed by Li Yi for so long
Time to follow this plan
The same is not bad to pursue
At any cost
Move fast
Poison all his options before etiquette